{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The \'a0pool horror story:\
\
Once upon a time there was once a girl name Ava. She had a pool party. She invited some friends and one of her main friends were Emily. Emily noticed a guy that didn't look familiar. So he simply asked what's your name? The guy said Mathias. She then realized he had a weird look on his face and it seemed that he was mad.\'a0 Emily ran to her friend and asked, "Uhm Ava who's that man over there?" Ava replied and said that is probably one of my fathers friend so don't worry about it. Emily then just forgot about it. Ava asked Emily if she wanted to sleepover so she agreed. It was about 9:00 pm and Ava's dad called her and asked if she could turn the pool lights off because he forgot to when he left. Ava and Emily went down and turned the pool lights off. Then they returned back to Ava's room and they continued to play video games. A few moments later Emily stood up and saw a light on outside. She asked Emily with a scared face, " Didn't you turn the pool lights off?" Ava walked over and realized the lights were on. Then when Ava looked closely she saw something in the pool then she realized it could be her brother swimming. So she told Emily let's go scare my brother. They went downstairs and all of a sudden Emily saw Ava's brother in his room. So the person in the pool wasn't her brother. They were thinking of running but they also thought what if he see's them run. Then Ava crept up a little to see if the guy was gone. And then all she saw was her friend in the water while the guy was drowning her. She called the cops. A few moments after the guy ran away. The police didn't know where the guy could've went but Emily was saved and Ava and her family moved out a couple days later the incident. People ask where could that guy have gone? Or, What could he be doing? We will never KNOW!!!!!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://i.pinimg.com/originals/65/44/4c/65444ced7e651a492c51ea69763317fb.jpg"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://i.pinimg.com/originals/65/44/4c/65444ced7e651a492c51ea69763317fb.jpg}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/creepypasta/images/9/96/The_smiling_man.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121226210053"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/creepypasta/images/9/96/The_smiling_man.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121226210053}}}